 THE LEGUMINOUS SEEDS.Abstract of a lesson in cookery given by Mrs. E. E. Kellogg, to the Health and Temperance Training Class.]THE leguminous seeds, or legumes, are those foods better known as peas, beans, and lentils. They are usually served as vegetables, but are very different in their composition, as they contain in their mature state a large excess of the nitrogenous element, while the ordinary vegetables are quite lacking in this important element. In their immature state the legumes are more similar to vegetables. Dried peas are found in the market in two different forms, the green, or Scotch peas, and those which have been divided and the skins removed, called split peas. There are also several varieties of lentils to be found in market. Lentils are somewhat superior to peas or beans in nutritive value, but people usually dislike their taste until they have become used to them.The different varieties of beans vary but little as to nutritive value. The Lima bean is more delicate in flavor, and is generally looked upon with most favor. The Chinese and Japanese make large use of the leguminous foods. They have a kind of bean known as soja, which is almost entirely composed of nitroge- nous material. Peas and beans contain caseine, which is similar in its characteristics to the caseine of milk. The Chinese take advantage of this fact, and manu- facture a kind of cheese from them.The legumes are all extensively used in India, China, Japan, and other Eastern countries. Com- bined with rice, which is used as a staple article of diet in these countries, and which contains an excess of the carbonaceous element, they form an excellent food. In England, peas are largely used by persons who are in training as athletes, because they are con- sidered to be superior strength producers.,Although these seeds are in themselves such nutri- tious food, they are in this country commonly prepared in some manner which renders them indigestible. Beans, especially, are used in connec- tion with a large amount of fat, and are not, ingeneral, properly cooked. Peas and beans are covered with a tough skin, and require a prolonged cooking, in order to soften them. If, in cooking, this skin is left intact, and not broken afterward by careful mastication, the legume may pass through the di- gestive tract without being acted upon by the digestive fluids. Even prolonged cooking will not render the skin digestible. It is best that we prepare these seeds in such a manner that the skins may be rejected. When used with the skins a large per- centage of the nutritive material is wasted, since it is impossible for the digestive processes to free it from the skins.In preparing them for cooking, it is generally best to soak them over night. The soaking aids the process of cooking, and to some extent does away with the strong flavor which to some people is very disagreeable. Soft water is best for cooking all dried seeds. If dry peas or beans are put into hard, boiling water, they will not soften, because the min- eral element of the water acts upon the caseine to harden it. As to the quantity needed, much depends upon the degree of heat used, but in general two quarts of soft water will be quite sufficient for one pint of seeds.MASHED PEAS.Ñ Cook one quart of dried Scotch peas until tender, simmering slowly at the last so that the water will be nearly or quite evaporated. Then rub them through a colander, or vegetable press. Add to the sifted peas one half cup of good sweet cream, and salt if desired. Pour into a granite or earthen dish, and put into the oven to brown. Some prefer it browned until mealy, some prefer it rather moist. This same dish can be made with split peas by simply mashing them.Brans may likewise be put through the same proc- ess. This is one of the most digestible forms in which they can be prepared.( I9o)
